greetings citations hello welcome to my
seven years of dreadlocks update video I
have now had dreadlocks for seven years
that is quite a long time
I originally started my dreadlocks just
before my 15th birthday and then now
just coming up on my 22nd birthday I'm
getting old now and least old compared
to what my 14-year old self would have
thought is you know old and well my 14
year old self would think of my hair
probably think what is this a touch to
your face it has been a very long and
strange journey there have been higher
than there have been lows I have made
plenty of mistakes as I've mentioned
many times Mobius has made enough
mistakes for everyone and that's pretty
much why Orange and they got into doing
the whole dreadlock blogging thing I
thought that possibly people could learn
from my mistakes and avoid them because
I have now been a blogging on this
channel for a year and a half I've had a
lot of fun with wiring if I didn't have
fun you know wouldn't keep doing it but
I had spent a lot of fun I managed to
interact and meet so many different
people and I think that I really have
been out to help a lot of people avoid
some of the mistakes that I made with my
young dreads so despite all those
mistakes I have arrived at seven years I
have lasted this long
my hair has lasted this long and this is
where we're at this is how my hair looks
after seven years and this was left of
it after seven years so this is probably
the longest I've ever had them people
who've been viewing my channel for a
while will know that this is not the
entire length of hair that I've ever had
I have cut my hair a few times over the
seven years whether that sort of
diminishes the seven years because you
know technically this hair wasn't around
seven years ago I guess because if stuff
was cut off but I can't say that I've
had dreadlocks for seven years it has
been seven years since I was last able
to run a comb through my hair and I
still don't miss it brushing my hair was
never a highlight of my day
perfectly honest and dreadlocks do
change you after year so since I've been
uploading for a while already and now
you'll be able to check out my six-year
and previous updates and see that seven
years they look different to six years
so despite not having over length my
seven year old dreadlocks do look a
different to my six year old dreadlocks
so as I said they're having trimmed a
few times pretty much just to remove all
my mistakes my biggest mistake with the
whole dreadlock process was the way that
I started them with the old salon and
wax which at the time sent like the
thing to do lots of Pro backs bro so
long that's the way you do it and when
you're 14 you kind of trust what you
read if the website says you know this
is the way to do it and then Asylum says
this is the way to do it and your mom
says you're gonna trust the salon and
that's the way things tend to go so all
that length did have to be removed
because it just did not progress the way
that hair should really progress into
locks so while it was sad to lose the
length I'm really happy with the results
should we have a look around this what
we're dealing with these days lots of
Congo's going on this is a - this used
to be another - so I'm often asked how
many dreadlocks I have how many sections
I have how big my sections were when I
started out and you see I started out
with 72 dreadlocks so therefore I had 72
sections and as you can see with all the
con going and merging that's going on
all over the place there are not seventy
two sections anymore last count I had 38
so there's been a lot of pairing up
going along but the thing is I also have
new ones this is completely new so
section wise size wise they're all over
the place
but I really like how they are now I
like how they've turned out when I've
just left them alone and sort of ignored
them and now since I'm lazy dreads I'm
pretty good ignoring where around help
look at the sides we'll also have a look
at the back because I don't get to see
the back myself I'll get to see it when
I edit the video
now that is their way off my shoulders
here we can have a full view of
everything that is growing and knotting
with my head and see how long different
dreads grow and how short other ones
grow because they are kind of all over
the place as far as size and length goes
I am planning on putting together a new
timeline video you may have already seen
my five years of dreadlocks timeline
video if you hadn't and you are
interested in seeing it it goes from
pictures of me with no dreadlocks to
five years plus that will be linked in
the description to this video that
interests you I am putting together a
zero to seven years timeline video which
I think will be a lot of fun both to put
together and to watch back although I am
kind of scared of what old pictures I
myself that I might have to go through
in order to put it together but I hope
to get that put together and that will
be uploaded soon so if you're interested
in seeing that make sure you're
subscribed so that you don't get it sent
to you but I think that pretty much sums
up my seven years as I said there's been
ups and there have been downs I want a
pretty good positive run at the moment
there have been times over the seven
years when I was kind of being at my
limit with them and seriously considered
putting them off but just didn't have to
be within sort of arm's reach of
scissors but I really haven't thought
about removing them since I started
blogging pretty much I think I'm a lot
happier with them now and since I've
started blogging I'd be able to connect
with so many different people you
connected someone you connected someone
I can't see myself removing them I think
I said in my six-year update video that
I couldn't promise that they will remain
forever I don't know what life is gonna
throw me but as far as I can tell
they're pretty much here to stay so that
was seven years here's to another seven
so that was my seven years of dreadlocks
update seven years 84 runs quite a while
I hope you enjoyed it I hope it was fun
in some ways entertaining possibly maybe
I didn't make you upset if you enjoyed
it you can click the like button and I
know you liked it if you'd like to see
more videos from me in the future future
updates questions be
answered tutorials guides you can
subscribe and then there will be sent to
you fire your YouTube subscription feeds
as always you can find all the content
on lacy dress comm or my guides tips
help questions things of that nature
and then sitting kind of an order so
you'll be able to now get your way
around the find what you're looking for
you can also find me on Facebook which
is facebook.com forward slash lacy dregs
instagram my instagram name is at lady
dreads Twitter which is lazy underscore
dreads and brand new for this month on
tumblr which I'm still not entirely sure
how to use but if tumblr is your thing
you can find me at lace dreads
tumblr calm I'd really like to thank you
guys for watching
not just this video but all my videos
that I put out I hope to see you again
soon for next month's update thank you
for watching farewell